
                           Welcome to PCCTS 1.33

                              October 5, 1995


                          Parr Research Corporation
                                    with
                  Purdue University Electrical Engineering
                                    and
                       University of Minnesota, AHPCRC

                                Terence Parr
                                Russell Quong
                                 Will Cohen
                                 Hank Dietz

[The "NOTES for new users" by Tom Moog is available now via web
 browser at http:www.mcs.net/~tmoog and via anonymous ftp at
 ftp.mcs.net/mcsnet.users/tmoog.]

[We've removed PCCTS.FUTURE from the distribution and added file SERVICES,
 which describes the services of Parr Research Corporation.]


                                INSTALLATION

     This document describes the installation of PCCTS 1.33 on UNIX
and non-UNIX machines.  The UNIX installation is trivial while the
non-UNIX folks have a bit more work to do as an install script
explicitly for there machine will not exist--they will have to
interpret the install script.

     PCCTS 1.33 includes a number of different programs and examples
in the software release package -- most of which like to live in their
own directories.  The install script will build a standard hierarchy.
Or, if you get the tar file off the ftp site, the hierarchy will be
constructed automatically by tar.

     The PCCTS executables (antlr, dlg) may be placed anywhere the user
wishes but the install script places them in the bin directory created
during installation.

1.0.  UNIX USERS

This section is for UNIX users and describes the most convenient
installation procedure.

1.1.  FORMAT: pccts.tar

To begin installation, place the pccts.tar file into the directory
where you want to place a pccts subdirectory.  Untar the file with

     tar xvf pccts.tar

and cd into it.  To install PCCTS, simply type
 
     make

which will build the standard PCCTS directory hierarchy (under the
directory where you ran the install script) and build executable
versions of antlr and dlg.

1.2.  FORMAT: pccts.bag

     To begin installation, the user should create a directory (usually
called pccts) where the PCCTS source subtree is to be created.  Place
the pccts.bag file and the install script into this directory and cd
into it.  To install PCCTS, simply type
 
     sh install

which will build the standard PCCTS directory hierarchy (under the
directory where you ran the install script), "unbag" all of the files
and build executable versions of antlr and dlg.

If you do not have the 'sh' shell, you'll need the install.unbag.reqd
file.

NOTE: If you are using the later SGI C++ compilers, use -woff 3262 to
get rid of a bunch of noise by the compiler (warnings).


2.0.  NON-UNIX USERS

     ANTLR was written using portable (we hope), vanilla K&R-style C,
ANSI C, and C++.  It has been successfully ported to a variety of
environments.  We do not provide an installation script explicitly for
non-Unix users.  You must interpret the install script and perform the
analogous operations on your machine.  There is an install script,
install.mpw, for Macintosh programmers.

IMPORTANT NOTE:  For PC users:  You must create the parser.dlg and
		 "touch" scan.c in antlr and dlg directories or the
		 makefiles will try to execute antlr and dlg, which
		 don't exist yet.  The first time, you want only to
		 compile the C files in order to obtain an executable
		 for antlr and dlg.  From this point, a change in
		 antlr.g or dlg_p.g will force antlr/dlg to regenerate
		 themselves.

		 You must define symbol PC if you want things to work
		 out right for use on a DOS, OS/2, Windows machine.
		 This affects the config.h file, which you can change
		 as you wish.

     For Mac programmers using MPW (Macintosh Programmer's Workshop),
define symbol MPW to get the correct config.h stuff included.

3.0.  EMAIL VERSION RECIPIENTS

     If you received PCCTS via email response from
pccts@ecn.purdue.edu you have one additional installation step to
perform over the ftp folks (and pccts.tar is unavailable).  You will
have received a number of bite-size chunks of pccts which are small
enough to be emailed (~1500 lines each).  You must reconstruct the
PCCTS files before you can begin installation.  In order to rebuild an
original file, you must have "one.c" which will take the chunks and
pack them together.  If you are a non-UNIX type, you must have the
"unbag.c" file which unbags the bags created by our mail archiver.
UNIX folks use the shell to unbag as they would for shar files (this
will be done automatically by the install script).

     To install PCCTS, place all PCCTS mail messages into a pccts
directory, remove the mail headers from one.c.  Then compile one.c
with:

     cc -o one one.c

and then type:

     ./one f1 f2 ... fn

where f1..fn are the parts of PCCTS source sent as chunks (i.e. these
files will be all the files you received NOT including one.c, unbag.c,
README, install and the request acknowledge banner).  There is no need
to remove mail headers from the chunk files and they may appear in any
order.  The subject line of the mail will identify it as a chunk and a
chunk of what file.  The "one" program should be used to put pccts.bag
back together.  You are now in a position to begin normal PCCTS
installation.  All files you receive should go into a pccts directory.

     Note that all files which arrive in "chunks" must be put back
together using "one".  Beware that you do not mix chunks from more
than one original file.  For instance, do not specify all chunks that
you collect from the PCCTS mailbot on the "one" command line unless
you have requested only one original file that was split into multiple
files.  Each chunk knows which original file it is a part of, where it
goes in that file and how many total chunks are required to rebuild
that original.

4.0.  WORD SIZE AND PC USERS

     The config.h file now sets up the word size for your compiler
automatically.


                                TUTORIAL

     The advanced tutorial should be placed in a directory at the
same level as antlr, dlg, support etc...  Do a

     sh advtut.bag

to unbag (or use the unbag program) and then type

     make -s all

which will create executables called tut1-tut4.  Naturally, if you got
the tutorials from the ftp site, the tar format of the tutorials can
be obtained for easier installation.

Unfortunately, the tutorials have changed little since the 1.06
release.  With luck, these will be enhanced and an AST tutorial will
appear.

                         MACHINE COMPATIBILITY

PCCTS is known to compile "out of the box" on the following machines
and/or operating systems:  [didn't have time to retest on all these
machines, but seems to be highly portable still].

o  DECSTATION 5000

o  SGI; use "-woff 3262" in your CFLAGS make variable

o  Sun SparcStation (cc, gcc, g++, Cfront, acc)

o  VAX C under VMS

o  Linux SLS 0.99, gcc/g++

o  386 PC, NetBSD 0.9, gcc 2.4.5

o  HP 9000/755, HP-UX 9.01, HP cc

o  486 PC, OS/2 2.1 (w/long filenames), IBM C Set++ 2.1

o  NeXTStep 3.2 running g++/gcc 2.6.3 (pentium-90)


                           INCOMPATIBILITIES

Please see the release notes.


                                CREDITS

Please see the history.ps or history.txt.
